Fix wlan interface name (#14191)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/releases_and_maturity/releases/release-notes-changelog.rst

  * WPA supplicant now reserves libc heap memory rather than using leftover RAM.
    This doesn't affect the overall memory used, but now the RAM footprint as reported by the build will show higher usage.

>   * Wi-Fi interface is renamed from ``wlan0`` to ``nordic_wlan0`` and is available as ``zephyr_wifi`` in the DTS.
>       Use the DT APIs to get the handle to the Wi-Fi interface.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * The Wi-Fi interface is renamed from ``wlan0`` to ``nordic_wlan0`` and is available as ``zephyr_wifi`` in the DTS file.
    Use the DT APIs to get the handle for the Wi-Fi interface.
```

* Added Promiscuous mode feature to the nRF70 Series device.

> * Wi-Fi interface is now renamed and registered as a device tree instance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The Wi-Fi interface is now renamed and registered as a devicetree instance.
```
